c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\Hamzawey.exe.config
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\Hamzawey.exe
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\Hamzawey.pdb
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.Form1.resources
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.exe
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.pdb
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\soft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.Login.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.main.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.store.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.quantityinfo.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.load.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.testexel.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.client.resources
C:\Users\SOFT\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Hamzawey\Hamzawey\obj\Debug\Hamzawey.supplier.resources
